# DxHash
## Abstract
Consistent Hasing (CH) plays a fundamental role as a data router or a load balancer in various fields, such as distributed database, cloud infrastructure, and peer-to-peer network. However, the existing consistent hashing schemes can't meet the requirements simultaneously, including full consistency, scalability, small memory footprint, low update time and low lookup complexity. Thus, we propose DxHash, a scalable consistent hashing algorithm based on the pseudo-random sequence. Considering the scenarios of distributed storage, two optimizations based on DxHash are proposed. First, Weighted DxHash can adjust the load distribution among the cluster nodes at will. Second, the Asymmetric Replica Strategy (ARS) combines the replica strategy with the Scale-out process to improve the availability of the system and to reduce the remapping ratio. The evaluation indicates that compared with the state-of-art works, DxHash achieves significant improvements on the 5 requirements. Even with 50\% failure ratio in  a cluster with 1 milion nodes, DxHash still can process 13.3 million queries per second. What's more, the two optimizations both achieve their own results.
## Code
We provide the c++ implementation of 4 consistent hashing algorithms, including **Karger Ring**, **MaglevHash**, **AnchorHas**h and **DxHash**. Besides, an simple performance test is given. 
## Note
We refer the c++ implementation of [AnchorHash](https://github.com/anchorhash/cpp-anchorhash), which makes use of the CRC32 CPU instruction of the Streaming SIMD Extensions 4 (SSE4). You can replace it in src/crc32c_sse42_u64.h.
